# Journal - Day 2 (03/04/24)
Began by reviewing the technical challenge brief and looking to amend the templates to make them more parameterized.

Updated the Kanban board.

Began testing the CloudFormation `APIGW-Backend` stack, using the `SAM` CLI commands in `BASH` scripts.

For the `package` stage of the overall `build-package-deploy` script using `SAM`, it is required to have an S3 bucket set up for the lambda to get packaged to.

Even though the command for making a bucket is simple:

```bash
aws s3 mb s3://<your-bucket-name>
```

I decided to make sure that it is parameterized using an environment variable and created using a script. This is because I want as much of the workflow to be able to be able to handle a simple environment variable change to say the 
```
S3_BUCKET
```
, and this will then update where the bucket is created.

The ideal architecture from a security perspective would of course be restricting the permissions for AWS users to create a bucket, and so there should be a lower risk of someone changing the bucket name and creating a different bucket for the packaged Lambda to go to.


## Successful Deployment of `apigw-backend` Stack
The stack was able to be deployed via AWS SAM, using the `build-package-deploy` script. 
I also wrote a `delete-stack` script which deletes an unsuccessfully created stack following a `ROLLBACK_COMPLETE`.


## Adding Integration Tests
I am in the process of adding integration tests written in JavaScript. I am having trouble with `AxiosError: Request failed with status code 403` currently, and will use Postman for manual testing of the API endpoint as a first step.

### Postman Test
Tried a basic `GET` on the `https://z98twz78rh.execute-api.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/prod/items` to attempt to retrieve all items (I haven't added any data to the table yet but just to see if the request even gets there). 

I got a `502 Bad Gateway` in Postman.

### CloudWatch Logs
I checked the CloudWatch Logs and in the Lambda function logs, found:

```js
"Runtime.ImportModuleError: Error: Cannot find module 'index'"
```

I believe that I found the cause of the issue, which was that the `Handler` value in the `template.yaml` was pointing at `index.handler` rather than `dist/index.handler`, so when the Lambda was deployed it couldn't actually locate the handler on invocation.

I updated the stack and then the next CW Logs issue was:

```js
MissingRequiredParameter,
"errorMessage": "Missing required key 'TableName' in params"
```


I temporarily updated the `index.ts` to hardcode the `tableName` initialization, updated the SAM deployment and then tested again using Postman. 
The endpoint returned a `200 OK`.